add data source for google_sql_database_instance (#3738)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/sql_database_instance.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Cloud SQL"
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_sql_database_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-datasource-sql-database-instance"
description: |-
  Get a  SQL database instance in Google Cloud SQL.
---

# google\_sql\_database\_instance

Use this data source to get information about a Cloud SQL instance

## Example Usage 

```hcl
data "google_sql_database_instance" "qa" {
    name = google_sql_database_instance.master.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (required) The name of the instance.

* `project` - (optional) The ID of the project in which the resource belongs.

> * `region` -  (optional) The region the instance will sit in. Note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region` -  (optional) The region the instance exists in.
```
